docs: document only CLI flows (#2319)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/pages/installing-che-locally.adoc

> To run and manage {prod-short}:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

* A {platforms-name} cluster to deploy {prod-short} on.
* The `{prod-cli}` management tool is available. See xref:installing-the-chectl-management-tool.adoc[].

> .How to deploy {prod-short} on Minikube in 3 minutes using {prod-cli}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Deploying {prod-short} on Minikube in 3 minutes using {prod-cli}
```
